explain the prerequisites (#1757)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/UpdateWizards/Creation.rst

Method :php:`getPrerequisites`
   Returns an array of class names of prerequisite classes. This way a wizard can

>    define these 2 dependencies before it can be run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   define dependencies before it can be run. Currently the following prerequisites exist:
```
